{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset204 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18680\viewh13160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 TRS Site Dev Review\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs18 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 GENERAL/GLOBAL: 
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Notifications/Alerts - Need margin-top:15px if not going to be directly below page title.\
	- You have restructured the HTML around how a notification appears, and this the code is messed up. The text should be center aligned with the icon.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 **Min page height should be like 3-400\
\'95 Site is still very slow\'85 I hope you have a plan to fix this before launch or we may lose A LOT of traffic. I would have left several different times. 
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 HEADER: 
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Utility Nav
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Chat button: I thought the plan was to have this ghosted when it was unavailable. If it is going to bring up the Chat window no matter what then yes leave it as is, but instead of having them send a message, wouldn\'92t it be better to have a button there redirecting the user to the Contact page to get a more thorough message through?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Acct/Cart/Chat button styles for (700/480/300) are not correctly placed.\
	- 700 has too much space to the right\
	- 480 has too much space to the right causing it to fall below. Not ideal since there is so little viewable space on mobile landscape view\
	- 300 should be left aligned and the margins should be different.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Main Nav
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Components shouldn\'92t be a link to a specific page.\
 \'a0\'a0- Addition of Halogen Bulbs altered the height. Background image needs repositioned to right bottom. .productDrop needs height changed to 274px. Same for 700 view.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0\

\b\fs20    THROTTLE NEEDS CONTENT/DIRECTION ON:
\b0\fs24 \
   - Halogen Bulbs image/content missing\
   - Harness/HID System picture is outdated
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 FOOTER:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Social Media
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Spacing above YouTube to separate it from divider. Same for 700/480 view. 300 view YouTube needs less spacing to the left\
 \'a0\'a0- Need to be linked to sites
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Links\
 \'a0\'a0- Addition of Halogen Bulbs requires footer-col height to the changed to 275px. Same for 700 view.\
 \'a0\'a0- Chat link doesn\'92t seem to be linked
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Remove border-bottom from footerRights
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 HOMEPAGE: 
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Featured Testimonials
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Need link to view all, show more\
\'95 Don\'92t forget to update the Promotions & Announcements!
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 PRODUCT CATEGORY:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 General\
 \'a0\'a0- HID Projectors, Clear Lenses, Closeouts came up as an empty page saying \'93There are no products matching the selection.\'94\
	FINDING THIS SHOWS A COUPLE OTHER ISSUES:\
	 \'a0\'a0- Pages need to have a minimum height so the footer does not creep up from the bottom\
	   - Even empty or error pages need to be generated with a <container> and <full column> and then a general named title container similar to <productGridContainer> (not looking at the code, but I imagine there is something basic already created) in styling that can have the min height also attached to it. The Alert should then live in this box so it does not span full width.\
 \'a0\'a0- Wire Harnesses doesn\'92t show Filter options\
 \'a0\'a0- Accessories has one item showing a pricing option for 10 or more\
 \'a0\'a0- Closeouts needs to have page content. Something explaining that there are currently no closeouts\'85
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Products\
 \'a0\'a0- Still some missing images throughout the site
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- It appears we did away with the attributes here? Regardless, the line-height needs changed to 15px, 14px at 700, 12px at 480, 13px at 300.\
 \'a0\'a0- There shouldn\'92t be all of that extra space below each products price! That space should only show when dealing with wholesalers when there is content to fill it.\
	- Don\'92t shorten it too much though, because it appears some product titles break to 2 lines. <- this was one of the issues I thought the attributes/clearer naming structure would fix\'85\
	- This is also why the \'93It\'92s New!\'94 type banners seem to be floating\'85\
 \'a0\'a0- Show More button should have a full width rule line behind it
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\i\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\i0\fs18 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 PRODUCT DETAIL:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 General\
 \'a0\'a0- Morimoto X.Bar 20 has an odd page break where the left column black section appears in the right column. Actually doesn\'92t even have an option to Add to Cart.\
 \'a0\'a0- When an item is unavailable, the note needs styled! (Bi-Xenon Morimoto Mini Stage III Kit D2S)\
 \'a0\'a0- D2S: Morimoto 3Five is missing the border-top above the Add to Cart section. Not sure if this happens on any others.\
 \'a0\'a0- Inconsistency in the Product Categories. 35W HID Ballasts isn\'92t a category (HID Bulbs is). Neither is Plug N Play\'85\
\'95 Product Images
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Missing the brand logo\
 \'a0\'a0- Implement new slider for the gallery carousel.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Product Options\
 \'a0\'a0- Pricing needs to have more padding below it. Should look centered in its section. Applies to all views.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Appears you have decided against keeping the labels inside the drop downs for the product options? Is there a reason? I will say, our reason for doing so was to limit the height when there were say 7 options for a kit.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Product Description
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Its appears some sections have 2 titles? For instance: Compatibility and Parts for the H11: MORIMOTO ELITE HID SYSTEM. Confusing, is this an accident, or are there situations where Compatibility can have more than one section within it? Technical is the same way. Do we need to establish a sub-headline style?\
 \'a0\'a0- Bolded areas break once on mobile due to styles you have put in place. For instance, 5Five Ballasts Option has Option dropping below. Very strange things happening at the 300 view.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- DIY Guide (formerly known as Installation & Performance) should show the icons side by side not stacked at desktop/700 view. Also, H11: MORIMOTO ELITE HID SYSTEM says there is no cutting but is showing the incorrect icon.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Product Promos
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Make sure all are linked to correct locations\
\'95 Customers Also Purchased\
 \'a0\'a0- If only going to show 3 and not 6, this needs to hide the 3rd product on 700/480 view because it falls below the other 2 and looks broken.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Product Reviews
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Needs to be shortened to show only a few (not all) with a Show More button\
 \'a0\'a0- Breaks on 700/480/300 due to removing the Avatar.\
\'95 Write a Review page: \
 \'a0\'a0- Needs to have a set min-height (a global styling of some sort at this point would probably be easiest)\
 \'a0\'a0- Remove HTML is not translated note if not logged in
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 \
\

\f1\b0\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 SHOPPING CART:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Notifications
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Icon not showing
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Product Listing
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Product titles link styling
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Product image missing?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Edit should be styled and placed within product title area 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Out of stock notice: add these styles: float: left, padding: 10px 10px 0px 0px, font-style: italic
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Promo Code
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Firefox only: Redeem button styling looks to be off, as well as breaking to below title
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Change padding: 7px 8px 2px 8px; line-height: 15px;
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- btn_bg-gray needs to be preloaded
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Empty
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- \'93Continue Shopping\'94 should be a button
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Utility CTA
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Should update item number when products are added to cart
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 CHECKOUT:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Checkout Method
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Couldn\'92t proceed past Shipping Method\'85 failed to load Step 5
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Can all 3 should be selectable by radio button
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Input styling
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Keep language consistent with that of My Account page
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Continue styling is broken, causing Register difficult to select
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Need more padding above \'93Continue\'94 area
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- If \'93Returning Customer\'94 is selected, the button changes to \'93Login,\'94 this is great. But, if the other 2 options are selected, \'93Forgot your password?\'94 does not go away.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Change \'93Forgot your password?\'94 to \'93Forgot Password\'94
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Logging in should take me to the next step in the process, not to My Account.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Billing Information (\'93Address\'94 \'96 not \'93Information\'94)
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Address book drop down is too wide
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0\'a0- Should any addresses in the Address book ever come back with a validation error? Shouldn\'92t they be validated upon creation? And shouldn\'92t the error follow suit with the other notification alerts we have created?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Register input selections not corrected
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0	- If Registering, need a place to confirm Email
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- If Registering and Email/Password confirmation don\'92t match up, the notification should be the full width style red (!) alert
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0	- Never had the option to input Phone, but instead Username appears in this place
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Remove extra bottom margin in this container. Looks to be a part of <fieldset class>
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- When this section is completed, can the name field be bolded?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- \'93Loading next step\'94 \'96 can this use the same loading gif that is used for the homepage carousel, as well as the Pluto font, and 5-10px margin-top.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Shipping Address (\'93Address\'94 \'96 not \'93Information\'94)
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Are you not required to put an email address in here?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Remove extra bottom margin in this container. Looks to be a part of <fieldset class>. This should bring the \'93Continue\'94 button up to correct position.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Shipping Method
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Continue button not in consistent location
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Not included: 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Special Order Instructions. Plan for this (Phase II item)?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- \'93*Any questions about your shipment? Check out the Store Policies(link) for answers to many common shipping questions.\'94
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Payment Info
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- CVV2 needs formNote class
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Remove extra bottom margin in this container. Looks to be a part of <fieldset class>. This should bring the \'93Continue\'94 button up to correct position.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Same issue with alerts here, but putting them at the top of the page may not work since the user may not see them unless the page jumps to the top. Can they appear at the top of their given section below the Blue banner title (in this case 5. Payment Information)?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- I noticed that if you select to checkout with PayPal and then change your mind, selecting to go back via the browsers navigation starts you over in the checkout process.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Order Review( add \'93& Confirm\'94)
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Invoice
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Order link color style
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Time issue to create page
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 23) Very last page (After an order is actually submitted) .....should go directly to the invoice, --that page does come up, but you have to click on the order number first. still needs a little formatting mostly of the text at the bottom that says \'93order summary\'94
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 MY ACCOUNT:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Login/Register
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- 2 pages need combined
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Remove link for \'93Create an Account\'94 under Forgot Password
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Change \'93Telephone\'94 field to simply \'93Phone\'94
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- \'93First Name\'94 and \'93Last Name\'94 need to be inside form field
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Correct checkbox and label styling
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Double Alert(for Returning Customer and New Customer Registration) if entering invalid login or password
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Firefox error with drop down label positioning. Looks like you have it correct in the Checkout page, just not here
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Logout
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- No styles for the text have been placed
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 My Account
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Left Column - Account Summary 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Need to include Avatar picture
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- \'91Edit\'92 should be changed to Edit Account Information
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Left Column - Newsletter
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Why does this go to a second page? This is 1 too many steps so lets keep it all right here. 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Left Column - Password
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Why does this go to a second page? Is this a requirement through Magento? If so, we can probably remove this all together 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	since you enable it in the Account Info. 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Address Book 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Use correct font styling for when there are no address book entries
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Edit Address should be named Add Address if there isn\'92t one
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Or, Perhaps remove both of these links and just have Manage Addresses take the user to the Address Book?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Order History 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- I don\'92t like the placement of the button to View All. Either have it centered on the line and blue like the Show More buttons or, 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	below an additional line that separates the sections and floating right (similar to the \'91Continue\'92 buttons used in Checkout)\\
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Order should be selectable by entire <ul><li> - refer to what is highlighting upon hover
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Edit Account Information
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Needs gray gradient container with bottom rule.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Where is the spot for a user to upload a picture?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Change Password style is broken
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- When Change Password button is selected the Change Password section is styled strange. Can we simply have them both always visible instead?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Newsletter Subscription
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- If this page must be kept, I would like the styling placement of the Checkbox fixed to be left of the copy.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Min page height is a problem here
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Address Book
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Again, issue with the font styling of the note saying there is no default.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Move \'91Add New Address\'92 to below the Additional Addresses title (similar to how it is done on the Testimonials page)
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Addresses need proper font styling
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Move buttons in each section. Should have a -21px margin so they align bottom with the copy. 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- The buttons should have space between them
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Modify Address
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Checkbox styling. Have 1 in the left column, and the other in the right, both below Country
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Order History
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Title is pushed awkwardly down the page
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- I thought the plan was to remove the pagination?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Order should be selectable by entire <ul><li> - refer to what is highlighting upon hover
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Order Details
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Entire body of page is missing the margin L/R which is causing broken alignment.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Order Number and Status have incorrect font styling
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Make \'91Reorder\'92 a button (gray or orange)
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- There should be a print button in the breadcrumb. Breadcrumb should also have a bottom border
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Page shows an example of current page not being bolded in breadcrumb
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Remove Print Order
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Remove \'91Order Information\'92 and add top margin and bold styling to Order Date
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Order Items:
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Change \'91Ordered\'92 title to QTY and shorten <cartProduct-qty> to width:50px
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Extended <cartProduct-total> to width:80px
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Order Summary:
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Title font styling incorrect
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Needs to be a divider line and space between Sub-Total items and Total
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 UTILITY PAGES:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X 
\b0 \'95 All About TRS, FAQ, Contact Us not implemented
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Login/Register
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Only currently showing Returning Customer
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Have New Customer Registration and Returning Customer live on same page. Tiny little link is not sufficient.
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Testimonials styling not correct
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Submit Your Testimonial not setup
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Contact Us
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Why is the Contact Us page file names \'91contacts\'92 ? This is strange. Lets remove the \'92s\'92
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 GALLERY:
\f1\b0\fs18 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Preview picture of featured project (to the right of the text above) takes up full height on throttles, it does not on ours. I prefer full height if possible, crop the width if it doesn't scale properly\
{\listtext	\'95	}ROTM Detail page: Where it says "Retrofit of The Month" ....that was the text formatting I was referring to yesterday. Didnt realize its also like that on the Throttle site, but lets move "The" to the top line.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Case Studies Detail Page: make upper title on one line\
{\listtext	\'95	}Breadcrumbs have different options on ours than Throttles. Goes to Gallery first, then into one of the 3 (ROTM, Case study, etc) ....so there is a discrepancy in the links here and in our footer\
{\listtext	\'95	}Missing banner for users to upload their own pics (at the bottom) - Phase 2\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs18 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 RECOMMENDED RETROFITTERS:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Landing Page
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0-Map 
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl340

\f2\fs24 \cf0 - styling flashes standard Google Map style upon zoom out \'96 why?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 - Zoom out one level so more of the US can be seen
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \'95 Detail Pages - Reference: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://throttlestudios.com/client/trs/retrofitters/contact-lightWerkz.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://throttlestudios.com/client/trs/retrofitters/contact-lightWerkz.php}}
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Left Column
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl340

\f2\fs24 \cf0 - Break up first paragraph into 2 and call out first section with different styles. 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 - [more] functionality should be used after second section of that first paragraph to constrain amount of copy in the column
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 - Original idea was to link each RR\'92s address to Google for a way to quickly get directions to their shop with a \'93Get Directions\'94 link (if possible due to address provided)
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs24 \cf0  \'a0\'a0- Preview Gallery
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- bottom-border should be full width of the caption section minus the padding provided by <productCaption-main>. Therefore, a width (572px) and float:left should be added to <p>. 
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 		- These styles will need slight tweaks for other device sizes:
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 			- 480: width: 422px;
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 			- 300: width: 266px;
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Implement new slider design instead of carousel arrows
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 	- Strange clickable area in bottom right corner that looks like a glitch? But brings up the lightbox display\'85
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- *I noticed the page title was (meta) was set as G - Map Store Locator? 
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 DIY INSTALLATION GUIDES:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95Not yet implemented
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 MISCELLANEOUS:
\f1\b0\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Cross Browser testing
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- IE specific styles, Firefox breaks
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Browser out of date message implementation?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Batch automate all product images
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\b\fs24 X
\b0  \'a0\'a0- Location - Josh will grant access?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24  \'a0\'a0- Thumbnails - Magento may be able to take care of this?
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Meta Descriptions
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \'95 Invoice page order # link should be correctly colored
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Account management pages
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Save address action is broken
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 New customer registration
\f1\fs18 \

\f2\fs24 \'95 Add a 3-dash delimiter to separate captcha out (like checkout register on the fly)
\f1\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
}