{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;\red255\green83\blue8;\red206\green59\blue0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16100\viewh15920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 TRS Site Front/Back Dev Review\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
- - -\
Needs attention from Josh: [blank space]\
Completed by Josh: 
\b \cf2 X\

\b0 \cf0 Needs attention from Throttle: 
\i \cf3 Throttle
\i0 \cf0 \
Completed by Throttle: 
\i \cf3 X
\i0\b \cf4 \

\b0 \cf0 - - -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 GENERAL/GLOBAL: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \'95 Notifications/Alerts - Need margin-top:15px if not going to be directly below page title.\
\'95 **Min page height should be like 3-400\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 \
HEADER: 
\b0 \
\'95 Utility Nav\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Phone number (last child) styles\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Chat button, remove cursor when not active. \
   - Chat button, Style with light gray at 480/300\
   - Log Off styles (700/480/300) vs. Log Off hidden styles\
   - Clickable <a> area is off \'96 cannot click the icon for My Account. Works for Cart though.\
\'95 Main Nav\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - CTA title needs to be white\
   - Components shouldn\'92t be a link to a specific page.\
   - Components Default drop down should activate HID Projectors\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - HID needs to be added to Component names (Projector Shrouds, Wire Harnesses)\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Wire Harnesses image/content missing\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Off-Road lighting needs image/content placed\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 FOOTER:
\b0 \
\'95 Social Media\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Spacing styles\
\'95 Links\
   - Projects links updated\
	- Once updated 480/300 versions will need to have height adjusted to fit links comfortably\
   - Shopping Tools? \'96 Content to be decided by Matt/Josh\
\'95 Payment Types\
   - Images not linked\
   - Remove Google Checkout\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 HOMEPAGE: 
\b0 \
\'95 Carousel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Space above/below\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Controller\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - 700/300 views don\'92t stay within container\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Pagination styles\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Loading gif\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Shouldn\'92t fade to white prior to fading to next slide\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    * Reverting back to HTML/CSS/JS from RS version\
\'95 Promos\
   - Button hover states need to be preloaded to prevent blinking (all generalBtns throughout site)\
   - Promo links need updated\
\'95 Featured Products -  where did it go?\
   - Need consistency in pricing language\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Watermarks not needed\
\'95 Featured Testimonials\
   - Need link to view all, show more\
   - Plan for refreshing? - Always show latest 3?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 PRODUCT CATEGORY:
\b0 \
\'95 Banners\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Title font styles have changed\

\i \cf3 X   - Throttle:\cf0  Create an All Products/Closeouts Banner \'96 no image needed for initial launch.\

\i0 \'95 Products\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Filter missing\
   - For Projector Shrouds, change \'92Shroud Depth Rating to simply \'91Depth\'92\

\i \cf3    - Throttle:\cf0  Get Josh new styles for when there are an excessive amount of filter options\

\i0\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Watermarks not needed\
   - Products should NOT be loading full size images, but just a thumbnail\
   - When hitting Show More, needs to display loading gif \

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    	- Show More button needs cursor pointer\
	- Remove bottom rule line that is created by AJAX load\

\i \cf3 X   - Throttle: \cf0 Talk to Nate/Matt about product naming\
   - Implement product naming changes   	\
	- Needs consistency, remove unnecessary components/make text smaller/set style height
\i0 \

\i \cf3    - Throttle:\cf0  Update watermark to show change in logotype style\
\cf3 X   - Throttle:\cf0  Mockup Retail/Wholesale/20+ view for Homepage featured products & Product Category
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 PRODUCT DETAIL:\
\'95 Mobile view!
\b0 \
\'95 Breadcrumb\
   - Product Category naming\
   - Not consistent throughout site on whether current page displays bold or not\
   - Remove \'91Components\'92\
\'95 Product Header\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Reviews missing. If no reviews, give it 5 stars; 0 Reviews; Write a Review?\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Product Category is missing below the title of the product. This is causing the alignment to be off in that upper section.\
\'95 Product Images\
   - Main image should be Image 1 of the thumbs\
   - Watermark distorting\
   - Missing the brand logo\
   - If we are not going to use the magnification option you showed me that one day, lets make sure the overflow is set to hidden on the image. Right now it is causing the right border to disappear.\
   - Tablet/Mobile image styles are broken\

\i \cf3 X   - Throttle:\cf0  Update thumbnail carousel icon image/style\
   - Josh, implement new slider for gallery carousel
\i0 \
\'95 Product Options\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Pricing or quantity note needs to be removed\
   - Change the padding for the price span to: padding: 0px 0px 7px 5px; on the desktop view.\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Availability was never discussed as a needed element. Style as note and place below price.\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Price as Configured was never discussed as a needed element. Remove unless requested after testing.\
\'95 Product Description\
   - Copy styles are not correctly implemented\
	- \'91Compatibility' should have the same look as \'91Technical\'92 \'96 bold title, with regular weight description to the right, wrapping to 2 lines if needed\
	- In our original design, we had \'91Compatibility\'92 above \'91Installation & Performance\'92 \'96 Im ok with keeping it this way, but Matt/Nate you should decide which content is more important. \
	- Original design actually pulls out the \'91Warranty\'92 to live in its own section\
	- This description is significantly shorter than that on the current site, is that because content has been cut or because it simply hasn\'92t been copied over? \cf2 Josh\cf0 , have you figured out how to implement the [more] option for when descriptions get longer than 1 paragraph?\
	The current description is the \'93short\'94 description from the current site.  The \'93long\'94 description hasn\'92t been lost.  My assumption was that the more link would change from the \'93short\'94 description to the \'93long\'94 description.  I didn\'92t realize that it was supposed to be the first paragraph of the \'93long\'94 description, then the whole thing.\
	I know how to do it; it\'92s quite easy.  Just haven\'92t gotten to it yet.\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Installation & Performance icons not implemented\
\'95 Product Promos\
   - Make sure all are linked to correct locations\
   - Remove Chat for time being\
\'95 Customers Also Purchased\
   - Missing\
\'95 Product Reviews\
   - Missing\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 SHOPPING CART:
\b0 \
\'95 Notifications\
   - Icon not showing\
\'95 Product Listing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Product titles link styling\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Product image missing?\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Edit should be styled and placed within product title area \
   - Out of stock notice: add these styles: float: left, padding: 10px 10px 0px 0px, font-style: italic\
\'95 Promo Code\
   - Firefox only: Redeem button styling looks to be off, as well as breaking to below title\
	- Change padding: 7px 8px 2px 8px; line-height: 15px;\
   - btn_bg-gray needs to be preloaded\
\'95 Empty\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - \'93Continue Shopping\'94 should be a button\
\'95 Utility CTA\
   - Should update item number when products are added to cart\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 CHECKOUT:
\b0 \
\'95 Checkout Method\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Couldn\'92t proceed past Shipping Method\'85 failed to load Step 5\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Can all 3 should be selectable by radio button\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Input styling\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Keep language consistent with that of My Account page\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Continue styling is broken, causing Register difficult to select\
   - Need more padding above \'93Continue\'94 area\
   - If \'93Returning Customer\'94 is selected, the button changes to \'93Login,\'94 this is great. But, if the other 2 options are selected, \'93Forgot your password?\'94 does not go away.\
   - Change \'93Forgot your password?\'94 to \'93Forgot Password\'94\
   - Logging in should take me to the next step in the process, not to My Account.\
\'95 Billing Information (\'93Address\'94 \'96 not \'93Information\'94)\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Address book drop down is too wide\
    - Should any addresses in the Address book ever come back with a validation error? Shouldn\'92t they be validated upon creation? And shouldn\'92t the error follow suit with the other notification alerts we have created?\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Register input selections not corrected\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    	- If Registering, need a place to confirm Email\
	- If Registering and Email/Password confirmation don\'92t match up, the notification should be the full width style red (!) alert\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0   	- Never had the option to input Phone, but instead Username appears in this place\
   - Remove extra bottom margin in this container. Looks to be a part of <fieldset class>\
   - When this section is completed, can the name field be bolded?\
   - \'93Loading next step\'94 \'96 can this use the same loading gif that is used for the homepage carousel, as well as the Pluto font, and 5-10px margin-top.\
\'95 Shipping Address (\'93Address\'94 \'96 not \'93Information\'94)\
   - Are you not required to put an email address in here?\
   - Remove extra bottom margin in this container. Looks to be a part of <fieldset class>. This should bring the \'93Continue\'94 button up to correct position.\
\'95 Shipping Method\

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Continue button not in consistent location\
   - Not included: \
	- Special Order Instructions. Plan for this (Phase II item)?\
	- \'93*Any questions about your shipment? Check out the Store Policies(link) for answers to many common shipping questions.\'94\
\'95 Payment Info\
   - CVV2 needs formNote class\
   - Remove extra bottom margin in this container. Looks to be a part of <fieldset class>. This should bring the \'93Continue\'94 button up to correct position.\
   - Same issue with alerts here, but putting them at the top of the page may not work since the user may not see them unless the page jumps to the top. Can they appear at the top of their given section below the Blue banner title (in this case 5. Payment Information)?\
   - I noticed that if you select to checkout with PayPal and then change your mind, selecting to go back via the browsers navigation starts you over in the checkout process.\
\'95 Order Review( add \'93& Confirm\'94)\
\'95 Invoice\
   - Order link color style\
   - Time issue to create page\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 MY ACCOUNT:
\b0 \
\'95 Login/Register\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - 2 pages need combined\
   - Remove link for \'93Create an Account\'94 under Forgot Password\
   - Change \'93Telephone\'94 field to simply \'93Phone\'94\
   - \'93First Name\'94 and \'93Last Name\'94 need to be inside form field\
   - Correct checkbox and label styling\
   - Double Alert(for Returning Customer and New Customer Registration) if entering invalid login or password\
   - Firefox error with drop down label positioning. Looks like you have it correct in the Checkout page, just not here\
\'95 Logout\
   - No styles for the text have been placed\
\'95 My Account\
   - Left Column - Account Summary \
	- Need to include Avatar picture\
	- \'91Edit\'92 should be changed to Edit Account Information\
   - Left Column - Newsletter\
	- Why does this go to a second page? This is 1 too many steps so lets keep it all right here. \
   - Left Column - Password\
	- Why does this go to a second page? Is this a requirement through Magento? If so, we can probably remove this all together \
	since you enable it in the Account Info. \
   - Address Book \
	- Use correct font styling for when there are no address book entries\
	- Edit Address should be named Add Address if there isn\'92t one\
	- Or, Perhaps remove both of these links and just have Manage Addresses take the user to the Address Book?\
   - Order History \
	- I don\'92t like the placement of the button to View All. Either have it centered on the line and blue like the Show More buttons or, \
	below an additional line that separates the sections and floating right (similar to the \'91Continue\'92 buttons used in Checkout)\\\
	- Order should be selectable by entire <ul><li> - refer to what is highlighting upon hover\
\'95 Edit Account Information\
   - Needs gray gradient container with bottom rule.\
   - Where is the spot for a user to upload a picture?\
   - Change Password style is broken\
   - When Change Password button is selected the Change Password section is styled strange. Can we simply have them both always visible instead?\
\'95 Newsletter Subscription\
   - If this page must be kept, I would like the styling placement of the Checkbox fixed to be left of the copy.\
   - Min page height is a problem here\
\'95 Address Book\
   - Again, issue with the font styling of the note saying there is no default.\
   - Move \'91Add New Address\'92 to below the Additional Addresses title (similar to how it is done on the Testimonials page)\
   - Addresses need proper font styling\
	- Move buttons in each section. Should have a -21px margin so they align bottom with the copy. \
	- The buttons should have space between them\
\'95 Modify Address\
   - Checkbox styling. Have 1 in the left column, and the other in the right, both below Country\
\'95 Order History\
   - Title is pushed awkwardly down the page\
   - I thought the plan was to remove the pagination?\
   - Order should be selectable by entire <ul><li> - refer to what is highlighting upon hover\
\'95 Order Details\
   - Entire body of page is missing the margin L/R which is causing broken alignment.\
   - Order Number and Status have incorrect font styling\
   - Make \'91Reorder\'92 a button (gray or orange)\
   - There should be a print button in the breadcrumb. Breadcrumb should also have a bottom border\
	- Page shows an example of current page not being bolded in breadcrumb\
   - Remove Print Order\
   - Remove \'91Order Information\'92 and add top margin and bold styling to Order Date\
   - Order Items:\
	- Change \'91Ordered\'92 title to QTY and shorten <cartProduct-qty> to width:50px\
	- Extended <cartProduct-total> to width:80px\
   - Order Summary:\
	- Title font styling incorrect\
	- Needs to be a divider line and space between Sub-Total items and Total\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 UTILITY PAGES:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X 
\b0 \cf0 \'95 All About TRS, FAQ, Contact Us not implemented\
\'95 Login/Register\
   - Only currently showing Returning Customer\
   - Have New Customer Registration and Returning Customer live on same page. Tiny little link is not sufficient.
\i \

\i0 \'95 Testimonials styling not correct\
   - Submit Your Testimonial not setup\
\'95 Contact Us\
   - Why is the Contact Us page file names \'91contacts\'92 ? This is strange. Lets remove the \'92s\'92\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 GALLERY:
\b0 \
\'95 Not yet implemented\
\
\

\b RECOMMENDED RETROFITTERS:
\b0 \
\'95 Not yet implemented\
\'95 Gallery\
   - Plugin styles?\
\'95 Map - styling\
\'95 [more] functionality\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\i \cf3 X  - Throttle:\cf0  Edit RR grid to use \'93nth child\'94 and not classes
\i0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf0 DIY INSTALLATION GUIDES:
\b0 \
\'95Not yet implemented\

\b \
\
MISCELLANEOUS:
\b0 \
\'95 Cross Browser testing\
   - IE specific styles, Firefox breaks\
   - Browser out of date message implementation?\
\'95 Batch automate all product images\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\b \cf2 X
\b0 \cf0    - Location - Josh will grant access?\
   - Thumbnails - Magento may be able to take care of this?\
\'95 Meta Descriptions\
\
\'95 Invoice page order # link should be correctly colored\
\'95 Account management pages\
\'95 Save address action is broken\
\'95 New customer registration\
\'95 Add a 3-dash delimiter to separate captcha out (like checkout register on the fly)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}